as the saying goes it's amazing what you
can achieve with a little imagination
this section of the DVD aims to help you
imagine how your room could look with a
dream doors facelift or a complete fit
out as in other videos the emphasis will
be on kitchens but we have a few
examples of other rooms to fire your
imagination so in this section you'll
find a series of before and after
photographs of installations dream doors
has done for its customers around the
country in this kitchen doors were
replaced with Westbury in vanilla with
some new units and appliances new wall
cabinets were added and base units
facelifted using a Palermo style doors
in vanilla part facelift pot refit this
kitchen features sure will in vanilla
this complete new kitchen used Trent
doors in ivory shaker style doors in
Swiss pear transformed the kitchen in
this facelift
another facelift this featured Newport
in vanilla
combining some new units and some
facelifts in this kitchen used Cheryl in
vanilla the new look for this kitchen
was achieved through partial facelift
and some new elements using Venice in
high-gloss cream this stylish facelift
features Lincoln doors in Beach euro
line doors in vanilla gave this kitchen
a completely fresh look part facelift
part refit this kitchen was transformed
using shaker in satin white and finally
we have a couple of contemporary
bedrooms we hope that these examples of
how dream doors brings new life to old
kitchens has given you some ideas about
what effects you'd like to achieve you
can see the full range of styles and
colors in kitchen layouts on our website
go to dream doors Ltd Co dot uk' and
follow the links to the gallery and of
course you can see and feel the quality
of our doors in your local showroom
alternatively cool dream doors and make
an appointment to see how we can bring
new life to your kitchen
[Music]